The five tables boundary_defense_and_system_administrator_rack_vulnerabilities.csv, 
server_rack_vulnerabilities.csv, bulk_data_storage_rack_vulnerabilities.csv, 
company_workstations_vulnerabilities.csv, and company_laptops_vulnerabilities.csv list the 
vulnerabilities that are present on the company information system under evaluation. For the 
purpose of this challenge, assume that all computer Ports, Protocols, and Services (PPS) needed to 
exploit each listed vulnerability are enabled on the endpoint and network devices. Also assume that 
the company proprietary software applications that provide the functions described mapped in 
company_critical_functions_definition.csv and company_critical_functions_mapping.csv do not have 
any known vulnerabilities. The Common Vulnerability and Exposure (CVE) numbers provided in the 
five table are reference numbers for a given vulnerability used on the MITRE CVE website. The 
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) has a National Vulnerability Database (NVD) 
that includes the CVEs and they assign a Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) score to each 
vulnerability to recommend a severity rating if the vulnerability were successfully exploited. The 
NVD also provides a CVSS Calculator to allow cybersecurity engineers to adjust the default NVD CVSS 
score for a given vulnerability if it is deemed appropriate. Some of the NVD CVSS scores use the 
Version 2 calculator while others use the Version 3.x calculator, so when both CVSS scores are 
provided for a given vulnerability the Version 3.x calculator value should be used for this 
exercise. Below are the links to the MITRE and NIST websites. The challenge participants may add 
additional vulnerabilities for any additional system configurations they would like to demonstrate, 
but the vulnerabilities listed in the tables should be demonstrated for the initial demonstration 
run. This initial demonstration run may also include removing one or more vulnerabilities from the 
assessment as would be done if the IT staff apply security software patches to the information 
system in order to remediate vulnerabilities, and then a new cyber resiliency assessment score will 
be calculated.