It consists of discrete spaces for the work areas: (a) Engineering and Production management, (b) 
Test Engineering, (c) Production floor (not part of this challenge evaluation), (d) Information 
Technology and Cybersecurity, and (e) Company Management. The facility also has a Main Lobby area 
for visitors and during normal business hours there is a Security Guard to control visitor access 
to the facility. There may be some problems with the facility layout that could impact the 
company’s cyber resiliency in the event of an outsider threat or insider threat event. Competitor 
companies and foreign governments very much was access to MRZTech’s products design artifacts and 
test data as well as the unique Intellectual Property (IP) information that the company has created.

Some additional company facility and information system characteristics to consider are:
  a. Company facility is next to a river and is in the flood plain.
  b. Company facility implements some physical security measures to include a Security Guard desk 
    at the main     entrance that is staffed Monday-Friday 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM. The main entrance is 
    locked when the Guard is not on duty but allows employees to exit if they work late (sometimes 
    the door does not close all the way if employees do not make sure it catches). The production 
    staff are responsible for opening the production floor door in the morning and locking it at 
    the end of each day using a key lock, and all production staff have the key. An after-hours 
    alarm system that only monitors the main entrance door and the production floor door is 
    implemented and it is monitored by a commercial service over a telephone line link. All 
    employees know the alarm code in the event they need to work late or have to come into work 
    over the weekend. The last employee leaving the facility in the evening is responsible for 
    activating the alarm.
  c. Company has an equipment room that contains all the Information Technology (IT) equipment 
    racks and the room has a single door with a key lock. All the IT staff have the door key and 
    the door is usually left unlock during normal business hours but it is supposed to be locked 
    whenever there is no IT staff present in the room per the company policy. The IT staff does not 
    always lock the door if they step out and “expect” to be back in 15 minutes or less. The 
    equipment racks in the space do not have locks and neither does the equipment spares cabinet.
  d. Company has a room for the Engineering and Production staff and it has a single entrance door 
    but there is not door lock or any other physical access control mechanism. The believe is that 
    the Security Guard at the main entrance will control visitors and all the company staff is 
    trusted.
  e. Company has a room for the product test and evaluation, and it has a single door but it is 
    accessed through the Engineering and Production room. It also does not have a key lock or any 
    other physical access control mechanism.
  f. Company Management offices are comprised of a suite of rooms that are accessed from a single 
    door. That door has a key lock to secure the office space after hours. The door is unlocked 
    during normal business hours but a PIN keypad is used to gain access. The individual offices in 
    the management suite do not have locks on their doors.
  g. Assume the company Product floor is all Industrial Control System (ICS) components that is 
    standalone with no computer network connections to the company information system under 
    evaluation. The production ICS is not part of this challenge. There is a door between the 
    Engineering and Production space and the Production floor. It has a key lock but no one really 
    uses it (and they can’t find the key) and there is no other physical access control mechanism 
    being used.