Some additional company facility and information system characteristics to consider are:

  a. The company uses proprietary application software for all the engineering and production, test 
    engineering, and company management functions. This proprietary application software will not 
    be part of the system under evaluation for this challenge.
  b. Information system boundary Firewall Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) rulesets are not 
    up-to-date.
  c. Some of the hardware and software components within the company information system have 
    reached “end-of-life”. This means that the component manufacturer no longer supports the 
    hardware or software item, and as a result will not provide security patches to firmware or 
    software for any newly discovered vulnerabilities.
  d. Nodes within the company information system have not had the latest security patches installed 
    leaving open vulnerabilities. Some vulnerabilities have been known for some time but can not be 
    patched since some of the application software providing critical functions will stop working.
  e. Nessus vulnerability scanner has not been updated with the latest plugins, where a single 
    plugin performs an automated test to detect the presence of a specific known vulnerability on a 
    commercial hardware or software item. This has resulted in the IT staff performing 
    vulnerability scans on the system in compliance with company policy but are not detecting the 
    new vulnerabilities on the information system.
  f. The Information Technology (IT) staff have implemented user accounts processes and monitoring 
    procedures and have implemented Role Based Access Control (RBAC) with four defined roles:
      - System Administrator (SA) – The SA role has “root” level privileges to all IT equipment, 
        cybersecurity capability and tools, and all data stored on the workstations and laptops, 
        servers, and SANS storage locations to include the Archive and Archive Backup locations. 
        All IT staff are assigned the SA role and the IT staff is responsible for performing all 
        cybersecurity tasks and data management tasks.
      - Engineering and Production (EP) – The EP role has “owner” privileges to all software 
        applications and tools used during product and system development, configuration 
        management, integration, production, fielding, and sustainment. This role also has access 
        to all the engineering and production data for all the company projects. All the company 
        engineering and production staff are assigned the EP role.
      - Test Engineering (TE) – The TE role has “owner” privileges to all the software applications 
        used to test the company products during development and integration as well as the 
        production units. The TE role also has “owner” privileges to all test plans, test 
        procedures, product under test configuration information, and test data. All company test 
        engineering staff are assigned the TE role.
      - Company Management (CMgmt) – The CMgmt role has “owner” privileges to all the company 
        sensitive information to include Human Resources records, Payroll records, Project 
        Management records, Legal records, and personnel managers records to include the company 
        Vice President and President records. All company management staff are assigned the CMgmt 
        role.

The following subsections describe the information system equipment racks and the hardware and 
software installed in the racks that will be part of the system under evaluation for this 
challenge. The company has developed a suite of proprietary application software for their 
engineering and production, test engineering, and company management work areas. The company 
asserts that the application software does not have any vulnerabilities, so the application 
software will not be part of the system under evaluation for this challenge other than evaluating 
the criticality of the functions the software performs. The challenge will be limited in scope to 
just the operating systems and specific commercial tools used for cybersecurity.

  1. Boundary Defense and System Administration Rack.
  The company facility will have a Boundary Defense and System Administration Rack that will  
  include a Cisco Firepower Firewall with an Intrusion Prevention System (IPS). All external 
  network traffic passing into or out of the facility will be routed through the Firewall and 
  rulesets will be developed to only permit the required data flows. The IPS will be updated 
  periodically with the latest Cisco signatures in order to detect well known cyber attacks, and 
  specific alert types and automated response actions will be configured on the IPS by the facility 
  Information Technology (IT) System Administrator for each signature category. The rack will 
  include a Cisco Layer 3 Switch that will interconnect the internal rack components as well as 
  provide the interface to the other equipment racks within the facility. External network traffic 
  that successfully passes through the Firewall will then be routed through the Layer 3 Switch to 
  the end node destination. The rack will include PowerEdge Servers with a dedicated server for the 
  Virtualization Management, Cybersecurity Capability and Tools, and Computer and Network Audit Log 
  Server functions. Each server will have a bulk data Storage Area Network (SANS) location. A 
  built-in monitor, keyboard, and track ball will be part of the equipment rack and will provide 
  the location where the System Administrator will configure and monitor the IT internal to the 
  facility, perform cybersecurity tasks, and manage the user accounts. It will also be the location 
  where the Virtualization Management will be performed when virtual machines are instantiated on 
  the Server Racks for the production and test activities. A patch panel will provide a central 
  cable management point for all the internal equipment interconnection in the rack. It will also 
  allow for easier reconfiguration of the rack interconnect if it becomes necessary. The rack will 
  include an Uninterruptible Power Supply with a power conditioner that will provide emergency 
  power backup in the event of a primary facility power interruption.

  The Cybersecurity Tools will consist of an Identity Management (IdM) server, a Splunk Security 
  Information and Event Manager (SIEM), McAfee Anti-Virus scanner, and Nessus vulnerability scanner 
  to monitor the facility operations and ensure the information systems are secure. The facility IT 
  System Administrator will routinely monitor the SIEM for cybersecurity alerts and will initiate 
  internal cybersecurity tests, such as Anti-Virus scans and Nessus vulnerability scans, of all 
  installed IT in compliance with the company cybersecurity policy and procedures. The facility 
  System Administrator will also perform user account management from the Boundary Defense and 
  System Management rack through the IdM service. The System Administrator will validate all user 
  accounts are still valid and that each user has the appropriate roles assigned at least monthly 
  per the company cybersecurity policy and procedures. Files 
  boundary_defense_and_system_administrator_rack_hardware.csv and 
  boundary_defense_and_system_administrator_rack_software.csv provide the hardware and software
  list, respectively, for the Boundary Defense and System Administration Rack.

  2. Server Rack
  The Server Rack provides the common computing resources for the entire company to include the 
  engineering and production, test engineering, and company management work areas. The IT and
  cybersecurity work area separated and is implemented on a dedicated Boundary Defense and System
  Administration Rack (section 1). The Server Rack contains multiple PowerEdge R750 ESXi Servers 
  and PowerVault Storage Area Network (SANS) servers and they will be used within the facility to:
    - Provides the product design, development, and test tools.
    - Process and display technical data library artifacts that describe the systems and products 
      under development and test within the organization to include sensitive Intellectual Property 
      (IP) information.
    - Product Help Desk Response Ticketing System application software and record database 
      software. The engineering and production work area will provide a Help Desk to respond to 
      customer questions and comments. The Help Desk operators will access the Ticketing System 
      from their workstations.
    - Virtualized product under development Test and Analysis Environment for software products.
    - Company training environment that will be used to develop workforce knowledge and skills.
    - Provide computer resources for company management functions (e.g., Human Resources, Payroll, 
      Legal, Contracts, project managers, personnel managers, company vice president, and company 
      president).
  The rack also includes Cisco Catalyst Ethernet Switches that will interconnect the servers and 
  SANS storage servers and a Cisco Meraki Layer 3 network switch will connect the server rack to 
  any other server racks if they are installed in the future (not currently used). A patch panel is 
  provided to allow for easier reconfiguration of the rack interconnect if it becomes necessary. An 
  Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) will be included within the Server Rack that will provide 
  temporary emergency power when the primary facility power circuit is interrupted allowing for a 
  graceful shutdown or until any backup emergency power source is engaged. Files 
  server_rack_hardware.csv and server_rack_software.csv provide the hardware and software list, 
  respectively, for the Server Rack.

  3. Bulk Data Storage Rack
  The Bulk Data Storage Rack contains multiple Dell PowerVault Storage Area Network (SAN) units. 
  This rack provides the archive storage the facility engineering and production, test engineering, 
  IT and cybersecurity, and company management work areas. The IT cybersecurity data will be 
  encrypted at rest on dedicated SANS drives. The company products technical data and test data 
  assessed as sensitive Intellectual Property data and any other company sensitive data will be 
  encrypted at rest and stored on dedicated SANS drives. The company also implements automatic 
  archive replication to a backup SANS within the same equipment rack in the event of the primary 
  archive failure. The SANS storage on the rack includes:
    - Provide the bulk data storage location for all data collected during IT operations and 
      cybersecurity monitoring and cyber incident response.
    - Store product Intellectual Property and any other company sensitive data, such as financial 
      records and contract agreements.
    - Store product test and analysis data and test reports.
    - Store company sensitive financial data, legal data to include contracts data, human resources 
      data, payroll data, and any other company sensitive data.
  The Cisco Catalyst Layer 2 (Ethernet) switches interconnect the SAN components and connect to the 
  Layer 3 switch (router) in the Boundary Defense and System Administration Rack. A patch panel 
  will   provide a central cable management point for all the internal equipment interconnection in 
  the rack. It will also allow for easier reconfiguration of the rack interconnect if it becomes 
  necessary. An Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) will be included within the Bulk Data Storage 
  Rack that will provide temporary emergency power when the primary facility power circuit is 
  interrupted allowing for a graceful shutdown of the equipment within the rack or until any backup 
  emergency power source is engaged. Tables bulk_data_storage_rack_hardware.csv and 
  bulk_data_storage_rack_software.csv provide the hardware and software list, respectively, for the 
  Bulk Data Storage Rack.

  4. Workstations and Laptops
  The company implements the common workstation configuration depicted in the file 
  workstation_hardware.csv for the engineering and production and company management work areas. 
  The test engineering work area uses the laptop configuration depicted in the file 
  test_laptop_hardware.csv. Laptops are used to allow for testing of the product items on the Test 
  Lab table as well as on the production floor and in the field. The laptops will use a direct 
  attached bulk storage tower when testing on the production floor or in the field. The collected 
  test data will then be transferred onto the Test SANS once the laptops are reconnected to the 
  company information system. The company does not have any kind of asset control process for the 
  hard drives used within the direct attached bulk storage tower. Files workstation_hardware.csv 
  and workstation_software.csv provide the company workstation hardware and software configuration, 
  respectively. Files test_laptop_hardware.csv and test_laptop_software.csv provide the test laptop 
  hardware and software configuration, respectively.