Some additional company facility and information system characteristics to consider are: -Company facility is in a shared building in a busy city district with lots of foot traffic. -Company facility implements some physical security measures to include a Security Guard desk at the main entrance that is staffed Monday-Friday 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM. The main entrance is locked when the Guard is not on duty but allows employees to exit if they work late (sometimes the door does not close all the way if employees do not make sure it catches). An after-hours alarm system that only monitors the main entrance door is implemented and it is monitored by a commercial service over a telephone line link. All employees know the alarm code in the event they need to work late or have to come into work over the weekend. The last employee leaving the facility in the evening is responsible for activating the alarm. -Company has an equipment room that contains all the Information Technology (IT) equipment racks, and the room has a single door with an August Smart Lock Pro. The IT staff have their phones configured to control the lock and the door is usually left unlocked during normal business hours, but it is supposed to be locked whenever there is no IT staff present in the room per the company policy. The IT staff does not always lock the door if they step out and "expect" to be back in 15 minutes or less. The equipment racks in the space do not have locks and neither does the equipment spares cabinet. -Company has a room for the Software Development staff, and it has a single entrance door with an August Smart Lock Pro. All the staff have their phones configured to control the lock. The belief is that the Security Guard at the main entrance will control visitors and all the company staff is trusted. -Company has a room for Quality Assurance testing, and it has a single door, but it is accessed through the Software Development room. It also does not have a key lock or any other physical access control mechanism. -Company Management offices are comprised of a suite of rooms that are accessed from a single door. That door has a key lock to secure the office space after hours. The door is unlocked during normal business hours, but a PIN keypad is used to gain access. The individual offices in the management suite do not have locks on their doors. 