The company information system provides fifteen functions that the product engineering and 
production, test engineering, IT and cybersecurity, and company management work areas use.

  - High Criticality – The company must maintain all High criticality functions at all times to 
    meeting vital product development, test, and delivery to customers and to maintain timely 
    customer support for fielded products. There are also contractual and safety reasons for having 
    to maintain all High criticality functions. No interruption in critical functions is acceptable 
    during cyber attacks on the company information system from external threats or internal 
    threats or during natural disasters. IT and cybersecurity services within the company 
    information system are considered High criticality.
  - Medium Criticality – The company can accept partial or complete interruption of Medium 
    criticality functions for no longer then 1 month before it will begin impacting operations. 
    Product development, test, production, and fielding can still be completed but the process is 
    slowed down and is more expensive when medium criticality functions are degraded or denied for 
    an extended period of time. Work arounds are defined to continue company operations when Medium 
    criticality functions are disrupted.
  - Low Criticality – The company can accept long term degradation or denial of Low criticality 
    functions. It is considered a nuisance if Low criticality functions are not available but it 
    will not impact product development, test, production, and fielding in any way and will have 
    minimum impact on company management.

File company_critical_functions_definition.json lists the company critical functions that are 
provided by the company’s proprietary application software that is installed on the workstations, 
laptops, and servers. A given function may execute on a single endpoint node within the information 
system or it may be distributed across multiple nodes as illustrated in the file 
company_critical_functions_mapping.json. The computer network infrastructure components that 
interconnect all the nodes will also be critical for the distributed functions to the highest 
criticality value of the functions that rely on the network components. The file 
company_critical_functions_mapping.json maps the software functions to the information system 
endpoint nodes that are required to execute those functions. A “1” in the matrix indicates that all 
or a portion of the function is executed on an endpoint. Once simple method for assessing the 
criticality of an endpoint node (hardware and software) using the matrix mapping is to apply the 
“highwater mark” technique. For a given node in the file company_critical_functions_mapping.json, 
scan the row to find the “1” that is in the highest criticality column, and that would be 
considered the highwater mark. For example, the Server Rack, Server #4 executes functions F4, F8, 
and F9, and since F4 has a criticality value of “High” in the file 
company_critical_functions_definition.json, then the Server #4 criticality is also considered 
“High”. Likewise, the Engineering & Production (Workstation 4) executes functions F7 and F11, and 
since function F7 is assessed as Medium criticality in the file 
company_critical_functions_definition.json while function F11 is assessed as Low criticality, the 
criticality of Workstation 4 is Medium.