Information system boundary Firewall Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) rulesets are not up to date. -Some of the hardware and software components within the company information system have reached "end- of-life". This means that the component manufacturer no longer supports the hardware or software item, and as a result will not provide security patches to firmware or software for any newly discovered vulnerabilities. -Nodes within the company information system have not had the latest security patches installed leaving open vulnerabilities. Some vulnerabilities have been known for some time but cannot be patched since some of the application software providing critical functions will stop working. -Nessus vulnerability scanner has not been updated with the latest plugins, where a single plugin performs an -automated test to detect the presence of a specific known vulnerability on a commercial hardware or software item. This has resulted in the IT staff performing vulnerability scans on the system in compliance with company policy but are not detecting the new vulnerabilities on the information system. The IT staff has implemented user accounts processes and monitoring procedures and have implemented Role Based Access Control (RBAC) with four defined roles: System Administrator (SA) - The SA role has "root" level privileges to all IT equipment, cybersecurity capability and tools, and all data stored on the workstations and laptops, servers, and SANS storage locations to include the Archive and Archive Backup locations. IT staff is assigned the SA role, and the IT staff is responsible for performing all cybersecurity tasks and data management tasks. Software Developer (Dev) - The Dev role has "owner" privileges to all software applications and tools used during product and system development, configuration management, integration, production, fielding, and sustainment. This role also has access to all the engineering and production data for all the company projects. All the company software developer staff are assigned the Dev role. Quality Assurance (QA) The QA role has "owner" privileges to all the software applications used to test the company products during development and integration as well as the production units. The QA role also has "owner" privileges to all test plans, test procedures, product under test configuration information, and test data. All company Quality Assurance staff are assigned the TE role. Company Management (CMgmt) - The CMgmt role has "owner" privileges to all the company sensitive information to include Human Resources records, Payroll records, Project Management records, Legal records, and personnel managers records to include the company Vice President and President records. All company management staff are assigned the CMgmt role. The following subsections describe the company information system details. The cyber resiliency assessment should also include physical security, personnel training and level of experience, operational policies and procedures, and other factors in additional to the information system technical details.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

This array provides an architecture view for the company's information system that is under evaluation. Note that there may be architecture design flaws that could impact the company's cyber resilience. Information System Components Description. The array describe the information system equipment racks and the hardware and software installed in the racks that will be part of the system under evaluation. The company has developed a suite of proprietary application software for their software development, quality assurance, and company management work areas.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Boundary Defense and System Administration Rack.
As illustrated in the tables, the company facility will have a Boundary Defense and System Administration Rack that will include a Cisco Firepower Firewall with an Intrusion Prevention System (IPS). All external network traffic passing into or out of the facility will be routed through the Firewall and rulesets will be developed to only permit the required data flows. The IPS will be updated periodically with the latest Cisco signatures in order to detect well known cyber attacks, and specific alert types and automated response actions will be configured on the IPS by the facility IT System Administrator for each signature category. The rack will include a Cisco Layer 3 Switch that will interconnect the internal rack components as well as provide the interface to the other equipment racks within the facility. External network traffic that successfully passes through the Firewall will then be routed through the Layer 3 Switch to the end node destination. The rack will include PowerEdge Servers with a dedicated server for the Virtualization Management, Cybersecurity Capability and Tools, and Computer and Network Audit Log Server functions. The Virtualization Management Server will have a bulk data Storage Area Network (SAN) location. A built-in monitor, keyboard, and track ball will be part of the equipment rack and will provide the location where the System Administrator will configure and monitor the IT internal to the facility, perform cybersecurity tasks, and manage the user accounts. It will also be the location where the Virtualization Management will be performed when virtual machines are instantiated on the Server Racks for the production and test activities. A patch panel will provide a central cable management point for all the internal equipment interconnection in the rack. It will also allow for easier reconfiguration of the rack interconnect if it becomes necessary. The rack will include an Uninterruptible Power Supply with a power conditioner that will provide emergency power backup in the event of a primary facility power interruption. The Virtualization Manager Server will host the team's Gitlab server for version control of the software they develop. It also hosts virtual machines accessible to the public internet to serve the developed software for their customers. WSAAS's website advertising their services and allowing customers to log into accounts to manage payment information is also hosted on the Virtualization Manager Server as website hosted via Microsoft Internet Information Services (IIS) on a Windows Server 2008 virtual machine. The customer account login is verified against a plaintext Microsoft SQL Server database hosted on the same virtual machine. Customer financial information is stored in the same database. That same Windows Server 2008 machine is also the domain controller for WSAAS's internal Active Directory identity management. The Cybersecurity Tools will consist of a Splunk Security Information and Event Manager (SIEM), McAfee Anti-Virus scanner, and Nessus vulnerability scanner to monitor the facility operations and ensure the information systems are secure. The facility IT System Administrator will routinely monitor the SIEM for cybersecurity alerts and will initiate internal cybersecurity tests, such as Anti-Virus scans and Nessus vulnerability scans, of all installed IT in compliance with the company cybersecurity policy and procedures. The facility System Administrator will also perform user account management from the Boundary Defense and System Management rack through the IdM service. The System Administrator will validate all user accounts are still valid and that each user has the appropriate roles assigned at least monthly per the company cybersecurity policy and procedures.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

3.2.2 Server Rack.
The Server Rack is illustrated in the tables, and it provides the common computing resources for the entire company to include the software development, quality assurance, and company management work areas. The IT and cybersecurity work area separated and is implemented on a dedicated Boundary Defense and System Administration Rack (section 3.2.1). The Server Rack contains multiple PowerEdge R750 Servers and PowerVault Storage Area Network (SANS) servers and they will be used within the facility to: -Provide the product design, development, and test tools. -Process and display technical data library artifacts that describe the systems and products under development and test within the organization to include sensitive Intellectual Property (IP) information. -Product Help Desk Response Ticketing System application software and record database software. The software development work area will provide a Help Desk to respond to customer questions and comments. The Help Desk operators will access the Ticketing System from their workstations. -Virtualized product under development Test and Analysis Environment for software products. -Company training environment that will be used to develop workforce knowledge and skills. -Provide computer resources for company management functions (e.g., Human Resources, Payroll, Legal, Contracts, project managers, personnel managers, company vice president, and company president). The rack also includes Cisco Catalyst Ethernet Switches that will interconnect the servers and SANS storage servers and a Cisco Meraki Layer 3 network switch will connect the server rack to any other server racks if they are installed in the future (not currently used). A patch panel is provided to allow for easier reconfiguration of the rack interconnect if it becomes necessary. An Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) will be included within the Server Rack that will provide temporary emergency power when the primary facility power circuit is interrupted allowing for a graceful shutdown or until any backup emergency power source is engaged. The tables provide the hardware and software list, respectively, for the Server Rack.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

3.2.4 Wireless Network
The company also has a wireless network that is being broadcast. The Quality Assurance laptops connect to this network for all their network access. The network utilizes WPA2 encryption to protect communications, but all the staff know the password and a piece of paper with the network information is taped to the wall in the Software Development work area.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

3.2.5 Workstations and Laptops.
The company implements the common workstation configuration depicted in the tables for the software development and company management work areas. The quality assurance work area uses the laptop configuration depicted in the tables. Laptops are used to allow for testing of the product from the Quality Assurance Lab table as well as in the field. The laptops will use a direct attached bulk storage tower when testing on the production floor or in the field. The collected test data will then be transferred onto the Quality Assurance SAN once the laptops are reconnected to the company information system. The company does not have any kind of asset control process for the hard drives used within the direct attached bulk storage tower. The tables provide the company workstation hardware and software configuration, respectively. The tables provide the test laptop hardware and software configuration, respectively.

